Adapt to changes in podio (#48)
key4hep/EDM4hep: edm4hep/CMakeLists.txt

# we need to boostrap the data model, so this has to be executed in the cmake run
execute_process(
    COMMAND ${CMAKE_COMMAND} -E echo "Creating EDM4hep DataModel"
    COMMAND python ${podio_DIR}/../../../python/podio_class_generator.py ../edm4hep.yaml ./ edm4hep
    WORKING_DIRECTORY ${CMAKE_SOURCE_DIR}/edm4hep)

# for this to work the command has to be in the same CMakeLists.txt as the PODIO_GENERATE_DICTIONARY
# This ensures that we re-run the class generator if the yaml file is touched

> # the command is run of datalayout.yaml is newer then selection.xml

Author: ```suggestion
# the command is run if edm4hep.yaml is newer than selection.xml
```

add_custom_command(OUTPUT ${CMAKE_SOURCE_DIR}/edm4hep/src/selection.xml  # we specify one output file so this doesn't always run
  COMMENT "Re-Creating EDM4hep DataModel"
  MAIN_DEPENDENCY ../edm4hep.yaml

>   # This removal ensures selection.xml is newer than datalayout.yaml, other wise this command always runs

Author: ```suggestion
  # This removal ensures selection.xml is newer than edm4hep.yaml, other wise this command always runs
```
